- Mike, put the gun down.
- Don't do this.
MARK:
She's dead, Luke. Mother's dead.
- I thought I wore you out last night.
- Believe me, you did.
Rise and shine.
He will gut us in our sleep if he even
suspects that we have our own agenda.
- I'll do whatever you want.
HOPKINS: It's Mark Gray.
Go on television by 8:00 tonight.
Tell the world how you executed
my mother or Clarke dies.
Looks like your friends
did not come through for you.
The dimensions
have been carefully calculated.
- For what?
- To put you in.
Ryan, a video just came through.
My name is Jeffrey Clarke.
I sanctioned an FBI black ops unit...
...led by Agent Ryan Hardy.
People were killed.
GWEN:
Ryan?
Ryan.
Gwen?
GWEN [IN MUFFLED VOICE]:
Help me.
There you are. I've been calling you.
Hey.
You okay?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Whoever put Clarke in that box
didn't come up with this yesterday.
He's done it before.
So search similar MOs in the tristate area.
Go back five years.
If you don't get a hit, go back 10.
Yeah, got it.
I don't think that box
was their first plan.
After we took out their buddy in the
auto shop, Mark had to improvise.
- Meaning they might've slipped up.
- I'm betting they left a trail.
That's how we find them,
that's how we end this.
Are you ready for the press conference?
- I don't have time for that.
- The allegations were about your team.
You don't show up,
it looks like we're hiding you.
I kept a lid on the tableau murders,
the Mark Gray connection...
...but every major network
picked up Clarke's confession.
- They're gonna ask me if there's truth to it.
- You'll say no.
Will I be lying?
Gina, you and I have been through a lot.
I will tell you anything
that you want to know.
But I think we're both aware that there
are certain disadvantages to that.
Let's go.
After more than two decades
of service to the FBI...
...Special Agent Jeffrey Clarke
was kidnapped and murdered yesterday.
The entire Bureau mourns his loss.
He will be missed as a colleague,
but even more so as a friend.
[MENDEZ CLEARS THROAT]
These are our suspects in the case.
They are a Caucasian couple,
late 20s, early 30s.
They should be considered armed
and dangerous.
We are working tirelessly
to make sure these monsters...
Oh, my God.
- How do they have sketches of us?
- I don't know.
If we are ID'd, our home, everything...
...we worked so hard to protect,
that's gonna be gone.
Those drawings
look nothing like us, babe.
You're way hotter,
and that is not my nose.
This is not a joke, Kyle.
I mean, how am I gonna have babies
if we're on the run?
Babies?
- Are you...?
- No, I'm not.
But I... I want to be.
I promise.
I promise, we will go home, okay?
And when we do, we will have...
...the fattest, happiest babies
you've ever seen.
MENDEZ:
Together I know we can put these people...
MARK:
Why didn't you guys call me?
MENDEZ: Thanks for your cooperation.
- We were about to.
[REPORTERS CHATTERING ON TV]
What's the motive behind this?
- I cannot speak to that at this time.
- Agent Mendez, over here.
- Warren?
- My question is for Ryan Hardy.
I'll be handling the questions today.
No, it's okay.
I got it.
Agent Clarke alleged
that you murdered Lily Gray.
Is there any truth to that allegation?
No, there is not.
Special Agent Clarke...
...was under duress and said whatever
he needed to say to stay alive.
If I may, he referred to
a lawless FBI black op.
These were questions raised
in the congressional hearing.
And every single member of my team
was fully exonerated.
He's still lying.
And look at those reporters.
They're believing this crap.
I think you're losing sight
of the real issue here.
Jeffrey Clarke, a man who dedicated
his life to protecting...
...you and yours...
...was taken from his home,
taken from his wife...
...and brutally murdered.
Mark Gray.
He did this. He is responsible.
Excuse me, Mark Gray is responsible?
He's been spotted?
We believe he's in the New York area,
and working with these two.
He's a delusional coward...
...and a malicious killer.
But his days are numbered
because I'm coming for him.
If he's smart, he'll turn himself in.
Because the full force of the FBI
is about to land on him and his followers.
They're such liars.
They're never gonna tell the truth!
I should've killed them to begin with.
If you kill them, they won't suffer.
- Yes, but they'll be dead.
DAISY: Mark.
Mark, please, okay, look.
Your plan is working.
They're called out on national television.
The more they deny it,
the guiltier they look.
Yeah, maybe you're right,
I don't know, but I can't watch this.
He's losing it.
He never had it.
We have to get out of here.
Call Juliana.
She won't like it.
I don't care, Kyle, okay?
We need to talk to her.
We didn't discuss revealing
Mark's part in all this.
- The more people looking, the better.
- Next time ask.
I didn't know Anna was here.
She wanted to make her statement today,
get it over with.
Just give us a minute, okay?
I promise you,
we're gonna find the people who did this.
You did this.
- What?
- Jeffrey and I didn't have secrets.
He was protecting you.
Lying for you.
Anna, I'm sorry...
He died because of you.
RYAN: Somebody tell me we have a lead.
MAX: I got something. It's an open case.
Two years ago N.Y.P.D.
pulled a body from the river.
- In a box?
- No box.
But her joints were dislocated
and she was contorted.
ME said cause of death
was asphyxiation after the victim...
...was forced in a small space. She had the
same pithing marks on the skull Clarke has.
- Suspects?
- None.
Victim's parents said she was depressed
and obsessed with claustrophilia.
P.D. thinks she solicited someone online
to help her bring her obsession to life.
Took it too far and he killed her.
Get the file, see who she reached out to.
P.D. didn't find any leads when they went
through her e-mail two years ago.
Hmm. I know someone that can help us.
My gut tells me this is our guy.
NEIL: Hey.
- Oh.
Hey, Neil. Sorry for the mess.
The sink is backing up again.
- Did you remember to call the plumber?
- Where's my dad?
- What?
- Is Dad lying down?
Dad!
[TIRES SCREECH]
- Are you okay?
- No, I'm late.
- You shouldn't be out here alone.
- I gotta go. Your mother's waiting.
No, Dad, Mom's gone.
No, she gets angry when I'm late.
I'll tell her it was my fault, okay?
You've covered for me often enough.
Come on. Come on.
We'll watch some TV.
NEIL:
There, comfortable?
- You gave us a good scare, Mr. Perry.
- Is it time for my program?
Almost.
I'm so sorry.
There was water everywhere.
God, if anything
would have happened to him...
Hi, this is Neil Perry.
My father's nurse, Louise,
didn't show up today.
Neil?
I need you to send a replacement.
- I totally skewered Ryan Hardy.
- Ha, ha.
Inspiring.
Seriously.
Did you see the look on his face?
He caught Joe Carroll.
He saved, like, a thousand lives.
Most people consider him a hero.
Well, he's clearly hiding something.
Open up, Carl.
Carl.
Carl, stop screwing around.
We have to get back to the station.
Carl?
Hi, guys. I'm here to lodge a complaint.
DAISY:
I just spoke to the dog walker.
Ross and Rachel are fine.
They don't miss me at all.
Babe, they're dogs.
They love whoever feeds them.
- We need to get out of town.
- You're not going anywhere.
The FBI has sketches of us.
If they get onto Neil, they could find us.
You're the ones
who brought him into this.
Only because your guy got himself killed.
Too bad. There's still work to do.
- How's Mark?
KYLE: Deranged.
Keep him happy.
We need him for the endgame.
Letting him kill Ryan Hardy
would cheer him up.
JULIANA:
That's not the plan.
Do I need to remind you
what happens if you fail?
- Here.
- We can't. We have to lie low.
We're on a schedule. This has to be done.
Just got off the phone with the prosecutor
from the Strauss case.
Let me guess. I jeopardized the entire case
by talking to him without his lawyer.
- She's pissed you offered him a plea deal.
- I was bluffing. Clarke's life was on the line.
I made that clear, but, Ryan...
...there's a limit to how much
I can cover for you.
I know, I know. And I appreciate it.
I gotta go.
Oh, hell, no.
- Good to see you too, Haley.
- How did you know I would be here?
- I'm an FBI agent. I like the new look.
- They frown on lip rings in business school.
What are you doing here?
I need your help.
Last time I helped you, you put a wire
on me. You nearly got me killed.
A friend of mine was murdered.
I think you could help me find who did it.
The killer had another victim.
A woman who had a fetish
about being in small, enclosed spaces.
I'm not in that world anymore.
I sold my club.
But you know people.
We think she reached out
to somebody online. Somebody local.
The person I'm looking for...
...bent, broke...
...and twisted my friend
until he fit in this box.
He was a good man.
I've heard of a guy.
He considers himself an artist,
a craftsman.
But I've never met him. Never wanted to.
How can I find him?
Wyatt Bailey is a broker.
People with specific needs...
...pay him to get them in touch
with people who can meet those needs.
Dark, twisted stuff.
Mostly illegal.
He'll know how to reach the guy
you're looking for.
Thanks, Haley.
MARK:
You. You.
You, over there.
Now. In the chair.
That chair.
Bro, what the hell?
- I'm making a statement.
KYLE: Yeah.
- Does it say, "Come arrest me"?
- Shh.
The press have been mindlessly
repeating the FBI's lies.
It's a disgrace.
Fourth Estate used to be
the cornerstone of democracy.
Mark, I get that you're upset.
But these people have nothing to do
with what we're trying to achieve here.
Let's just kill them, get rid of the bodies
before anyone misses them.
First, they need to suffer.
Media's a part of the cover-up,
and they need to pay, like everyone else.
Look, you want to expose the FBI's lies?
Use us.
Warren can interview you.
He was asking tough questions.
Shut up or I'll rip your tongue out.
No.
That's perfect.
Using his own propaganda machine
against them.
Uh, I'm not really camera-ready,
but I'll be right back.
Mark.
How about this?
That'll have to wait.
Why can't our boy Wyatt
conduct business someplace nice?
Like a day spa.
Master?
WESTON:
Hey.
[GRUNTS]
How come you were so mad
at Mark before?
Aren't you his followers?
[DAISY SCOFFS]
We're not anybody's followers,
sweetheart.
MARK:
I'm ready.
Let's do it.
Daisy?
What?
I don't know how to work that thing.
KYLE:
Don't look at me.
TV remote's as complex as I get.
Fine.
KYLE:
Whoa, whoa.
- Bad idea.
- Relax. She won't do anything, will you?
Just, um...
Yeah.
All right. Ready, Warren?
[SNAPPING]
Uh-oh.
I think I broke Warren.
[WARREN & PAULA GASP]
[WARREN GURGLING]
Guess you're gonna
have to do everything.
We're looking for a friend of yours.
Likes to put people in boxes.
I want a lawyer.
No, you don't.
You wanna talk to us.
Forget it. I got nothing to say to you.
Wrong answer.
MAX:
Guys, hey.
Guys, what are you doing?
Providing motivation.
You're a real pro at giving pain.
How are you at taking it?
MAX:
Guys.
You're not gonna do
anything to me, man.
Oh, yeah. Sure, sure. Keep thinking that.
Ryan. Ryan? No.
So, what do you think?
- Hands first or feet first?
- No.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- Stop it. Stop. Wait, back off, Ryan. Wait.
Listen to me.
They're not bluffing.
They will hurt you.
- Do us a favor and start talking.
- I can't. He'll kill me.
He will never know that you talked to us.
I promise.
I don't know his name.
I've never met him face-to-face.
But I have an e-mail address.
Good.
It's perfect.
My best work...
...for my best customers.
Your dad must be proud,
the way you've kept the shop going.
[WOMAN SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY ON TV]
It's been hard, but it's worth it.
Oh, I almost forgot.
One more thing.
RYAN: You good?
- Sure.
- Max...
MAX: Okay.
I have no problem playing
good cop, bad cop.
But only if it's just playing.
I can't cover up anything else.
I won't.
Hey. The e-mail's IP address
was traced back to a building in Queens.
RYAN:
Let's go.
NEIL:
It's not the optimal enclosure.
But the size is right.
Billy will be disappointed, of course...
...but that's not a bad thing.
Children are so...
...coddled these days.
No one ever says no to them.
They lack discipline.
[CRYING]
Thankfully...
...I had a father...
...who knew how to raise a child right.
And believe me...
...it wasn't easy.
I was a willful boy.
Had to be taught how to behave.
Today they'd label it abuse.
But he did it out of love.
He took care of me.
That's why it hurts me
so much to see you mistreat him.
Perfect.
And so it begins.
Mike, check around back. Come on, Max.
[SOBBING]
Don't worry.
This will only hurt for a second.
Hey, Dad, we're going on
a little trip, okay?
CHARLES:
Your mother doesn't like trips.
NEIL:
Uh, she's not coming.
It's just us.
A little father-son time.
Sir, your father's in
no condition to travel.
Oh. Do you mind if we talk about this
in private?
Of course.
What's the problem?
CHARLES:
Neil.
Neil, I'm thirsty.
We'll have to grab something on the way.
CHARLES:
But I'm thirsty now.
- Wait, the program's not over.
NEIL: Sorry, Dad. We gotta go.
CHARLES:
Take it easy.
Oh, please.
That's not our car.
NEIL: It's new.
CHARLES: It's nice.
Let's get in.
Come on. Here we go. There you go.
Get your legs in.
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
[ENGINE STARTS]
MAX: Clear.
OFFICER 1: Clear.
OFFICER 2:
Clear.
I got a body.
Flood the area with cops. He can't be far.
House is clear.
I'm really thirsty.
I'm sorry, Dad.
We'll stop when we can.
They have to pay
for murdering my mother in cold blood.
Why not just kill them?
The world needs to see them
for who they really are.
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
And who are they?
Everyone thinks
that Ryan Hardy is such a hero...
...but he murdered my sister, Giselle...
- Hello?
It's me.
You shouldn't be calling me.
And you shouldn't have involved me.
Now I've got heat all over me,
and I have to go away.
But when I can...
...I'm going to pay you
and your husband a visit.
Neil...
[DIAL TONE HUMS]
MARK: And then they took my mother
and my brother, Luke.
PAULA:
What did they do to your brother?
Neil's got heat on him, and he blames us.
I understand why you're doing this, but...
- How'd they find him?
- I don't know. He hung up before I asked.
Why are those two helping you?
They believe in me.
Then why did he laugh when I asked
if they were your followers?
Is that true?
No. She's lying.
Mark, she's just trying to mess
with your head, okay?
Damn it.
PAULA:
Help! Help me!
[SCREAMING INDISTINCTLY]
Help!
Nice try.
MARK:
You killed her?
- We weren't finished.
- Are you kidding?
What are you doing with this?
What are you really up to?
It's a present for you.
It was supposed to be a surprise.
We knew you were upset
about the press conference.
And we wanted to do something nice.
So we got you Max Hardy's address,
the code to her alarm system.
So you can kill her.
When the time is right.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
And I shouldn't have acted out like I did
without talking to you first.
It's okay.
I can only imagine how painful this is.
And we just want you to know
that we're here for you, okay?
Whatever you want.
Thank you.
Ahem. Would you mind
bringing her downstairs?
Why?
So we can finish the interview?
No sign of Neil.
We got BOLOs up around the area.
RYAN: Okay.
- You think he used his dad as a hostage?
I don't think so. Neil cared about his father.
He hired a nurse to take care of him.
- His father had dementia.
- Yeah, so what?
A lot of dementia patients wear trackers so
the families can find them if they wander.
Bingo.
We should get something
for your mother.
- She's not coming, Dad.
- She'd love an egg cream.
Do you think they have one of those?
No.
And we have to get back on the road,
so I need you to pick something to drink.
You like that? Good.
RYAN:
There's the car.
WESTON:
They're close.
Ryan.
This way.
Dad, we gotta go.
What about my soda?
We have to pay for it.
Wait, is this a game? Huh?
I used to be great at hide-and-seek.
But not anymore. You always find me.
- What?
- I gotta get this. Here we go.
Should be right here.
I don't see him.
Hey, come here.
Where did you get that?
The man outside gave it to me.
- I'll be right back.
- Wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?
[KNIFE PIERCES FLESH]
[MAN GRUNTING]
Dad.
What did you do?
Nothing.
You killed him.
No.
You're confused, Dad. You know me.
I wouldn't hurt anyone.
You know that. I'm your son.
No. You're not. You can't be.
Dad, we have to get in the car.
- We have to go.
- Don't touch me!
- Dad, please... Dad.
CHARLES: Help!
- Help! Help!
- Please, Dad. Please. Please, Dad.
CHARLES: Help! Help!
- FBI!
CHARLES: Help!
- Get down on the ground!
- Do not move!
CHARLES: Help.
Get out of the car!
Out of the car, now!
[GUNSHOT]
[GRUNTS]
Damn it. Damn it!
[HORN HONKS]
RYAN:
That's him.
Ryan.
- Drop it.
- Drop the gun.
RYAN:
Come on, Neil.
Drop the gun.
It doesn't have to end like this.
Just give us Mark and his followers.
We can make a deal.
Your father needs you, Neil.
He's not gonna make it without you.
He hates me.
- Because of you.
- No. No.
I can take you to him.
He forgives you.
Liar.
Luke was always the confident one.
After he got shot,
I lost myself for a while.
But Andrew helped me get back,
and then...
...Daisy and Kyle showed up.
And they take care of me.
LUKE:
I wouldn't be too sure about that, bro.
They're up to something.
Keep an eye on them.
Jeffrey Clarke was many things.
An exemplary agent.
Good friend.
He believed in honor, justice.
But most of all, he believed in family.
Because without each other,
we are nothing.
His death...
...should be a reminder to us all
that there is evil in this world...
...and that we cannot falter
in the face of it.
But we also can't let it infect us.
We have to rise above.
No matter how hard that may seem.
MAX:
What the hell are you doing?
You missed Clarke's ceremony for what?
To hunt Mark?
That's what you really think of me?
Clarke died...
...because of what I did.
So how could I face them down there?
How could I look at Anna?
Come here.
We're all responsible.
I gotta go.
WESTON:
Okay.
See you later.
Are you hungry?
You wanna get some food?
No.
No, I'm good.
Do you wanna be alone?
I can go back to my place.
No. Stay.
Okay.
I mean permanently.
I mean move in with me.
Is this because of Anna and Jeffrey?
You wanna keep an eye on me?
I should tell you to run.
I should tell you to get as far
away from me as you can...
...as far away from this violence
that surrounds me, but I can't do it.
I know it's selfish.
But losing you...
...that would destroy me.
I love you.
I love you too.
But I need you to promise me something.
Anything.
No secrets.
If we're living together,
that wall that you have up...
...has to come down.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I can.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH
& MAX GASPS]
Whoa, whoa. It's me.
- I guess I'm a little jumpy.
- Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I looked for you after the ceremony.
I couldn't find you.
Sorry. I just needed a little time alone.
Right. Well, alone time is over.
I've come to take my lady to dinner.
Sounds good.
Too bad.
- We could've had fun with her.
- We're not here for that, remember?
All right. Let's get this done, then.
[English - US - SDH]